Unlike Bill Stoneman who came in as Shidey's private employee but was working on the premises I came on from the beginning as a Princeton employee.
Now Paul, does that continue with Paul?
No.
As a matter of fact, that was one of the things Paul negotiated, was that he... Are there matters of... Well... I have to think the very basic thing would matter.
Well, obviously it didn't matter to Bill Stoneman quite so much for people who are married and doesn't have a family, but Paul is.
That was pretty shrewd as many.
It goes up in my neck of the woods now, too.
Harry's reading his guide to social action.
One of the things I wanted to do this letter is to put a big heap of leaves in the corner.
Where do your readers come in here?
Well, we get them started here, but they actually use the books in the department's room because, well, we'd like to open a lot of books.
I would, yeah.
This is all technically, we're on the first floor of the library.
Yeah.
And you have three books.
Right, one of the advantages to having the exhibition here is that you don't have to go past the barriers, you don't have to have an aspect of the task.
See, this is supposed to reverse itself, but it hasn't been reverse itself.
Sorry.
They come in because they just walk in and then come right through.
What was here before?
When the library was first built, it was a big, comfy reading room.
There was a balcony.
Of course, the cathedral was in the chapel.
I've not seen a picture of it, but that's what I'm told.
The balcony came down.
Then it was a microphone reading room, and then here it is.
It's beautiful.
They did a nice job.
Thank you.
How often does Lloyd come by to look in?
This is not actually going to be back until October, but his plans change.
One never knows.
Anyway, you can actually see more clearly from up above that it is in the shape of an open book.
Oh.
And you can see how the rooms fit together.
Yeah.
And we call that the giant book.
It's a giant book.
It is 45.
The ceiling is 22.
Before I forget, do you recommend a nice restaurant, of course, and I can take my hand.
Come on.
Let's see.
Probably later.
It'll be like 4 o'clock.
Well, what do you like?
This is not exactly a restaurant, can you?
It isn't.
You could try Mediterra, which is on Palmer Square.
Mediterra?
Mediterranean?
Yes.
Good.
I'll find something.
I think instead of trying the traffic around New York at 5 o'clock, you may as well eat.
Oh, yes.
And then, you know, try and find traffic.
Yes, Friday afternoon.
Sign that we're working on the catalog project.
We're checking the books against the records.
What do you call this?
Hydromeda?
Hydromeda, I think.
I always forget.
Anyway, it's taking the reading of the humidity and the temperature to make sure that the environment is stable.
It's involved at the library.
out of 120 million things, they have selected 18 in this wall.
No, this is probably just trying to get as much stuff in here as possible, but you can see, even in the 20th century, you can probably get a sense of how diverse it is.
Can I take a picture?
Oh, sure.
We've got everything from, you know, parody style, to
in the costumes of fairytales, and, well, there are people looking at charity books, and books from adult authors, that's not so much on books of information.
Science, I'm not sure if that's something we should.
I'll look it on the bridge there.
Oh, yeah.
I can just tell you.
Okay.
Thank you.
Oh, that's just terrific, isn't it?
Yeah.
Is that less?
He wants more in.
More in.
I'm not quite sure if she wrote this album.
Sometimes I was going around saying, yeah, come on back and meet my staff.
They just come from California.
So how do you spend most of you there?
Oh gosh, well now, this week I've been doing interviews.
I'm going to offer two of tickets.
I'm supposed to be spending most of my time on the catalog projects, but a lot of other things come up.
But that's what I'm supposed to be doing.
This is beautiful.
Yes.
We need to do something about those save boxes.
This is Ron Lane at Harvard.
He manages the depository.
He tells you you have too much air there.
Yeah, well... What are you going to do?
The shells get larger and smaller and smaller, as they go up, 17 levels, and there's no air.
Everything's in there.
Well, it's part of the problem here, since this is in a public space, because, you know, yeah, we could put them back tight, but it wouldn't look... No, this is wonderful.
So... I'm teasing.
Oh, well, no, it's actually a problem because of all this.
Yeah.
What kind of wood is this?
It's cherry veneer.
Cherry veneer, such as a hair.
And, of course, you have to tie this.
It's very important.
The group coming in for homecoming.
He went to the Gutenberg Bible and found a tiger.
That's pretty cool if you can do that.
I'm surprised that the people down in Champaign Development haven't called me up lately for a picture of a tiger.
He's actually keeping a file of tiger pictures after because I know eventually that one.
Do you want me to take you over to the office of East Plain?
You'll have to take me over.
You can just put me in.
I'll shut this up now.
I'll have a look.